Next night
How did you become so heartless?
That's how you treat your brother
He has today, and it's not all exchanged by you.
Nonsense
How did we teach him?
He's 27 years old.
doing nothing all day
In addition to drinking, it is playing cards
If you hadn't watered him
Will he want what happened today?
At first, Li Nuo scolded him as a waste
I want to defend him
Now it doesn't seem wrong at all
At one end, you're not just trash.
You're still a top trash
Are you determined to put your brother in jail?
self-inflicted
If you think I'm doing something wrong
The big deal is that we cut ties
This is really your fault, sons
Go out, be startled
Ah!
For a dying man
Have dinner with your family
Not worth it.
They've gone too far.
The request I just made
Can you do that?
Li Feng, you know me
I will not marry anyone but you
I have no plans to fall in love in the short term
You don't have to rush to answer
Think slowly
A little sleepy
Go out first
I really seem to be dying
Keep it up.
It will only be a burden to them both
Instead of this
Better to leave
Quiet thoughts
But before that
I want to do something meaningful
Feed peaches
I want to ask you something
Come pick me up at my house.
I'm going to eat with him
Lin Feng, are you awake?
It's time to eat
Lin Feng
loach
Lin Feng is gone